README.md, before:

<!--
TOCONFIGURE

![Docs](https://github.com/alanscodelog/TOREPONAME/workflows/Docs/badge.svg)
![Build](https://github.com/alanscodelog/TOREPONAME/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
[![Release](https://github.com/alanscodelog/TOREPONAME/workflows/Release/badge.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/TONAME)

# [Docs](https://alanscodelog.github.io/TOREPONAME)

# Install

```bash
npm install TONAME
# or
yarn add TONAME
```


# Usage

```ts
```

-->

My template repo for typescript libraries. I have found myself setting up the same things over and over again so I decided to create a small template. It includes:

- typedoc for generating docs.
- jest and chai (I prefer the syntax) for tests
- build/coverabe/docs/release github actions
- semantic release and commitlint for handling releases
- husky for handling git hooks
- [indexit](https://github.com/alanscodelog/indexit), my own tool, for generating/managing the exports of index files
- [`@alanscodelog/utils`](https://github.com/alanscodelog/my-utils) - my library of utility functions and types

I have also made repos for the configs that rarely change to help declutter things a bit:

- [`@alanscodelog/babel-preset`](https://github.com/alanscodelog/babel-preset)
- [`@alanscodelog/commitlint-config`](https://github.com/alanscodelog/commitlint-config)
- [`@alanscodelog/eslint-config`](https://github.com/alanscodelog/eslint-config)
- [`@alanscodelog/semantic-release-config`](https://github.com/alanscodelog/my-semantic-release-config)
- [`@alanscodelog/tsconfigs`](https://github.com/alanscodelog/my-tsconfigs)

# Install
```bash
git clone https://github.com/alanscodelog/template-lib.git && node install.mjs
```
Options:
`-d / --dry-run` - preview
`-v / --verbose` - print name parsed and all edited files
`-s / --scope` - scope package under @alanscodelog
`-n / --no-delete` - do not delete template files

The script will then print some commands that need to be run after running `yarn install` (to copy/install some of my configs) and to find all the places the template still needs to be configured.

Rename the `.github-rename-to-enable` folder to just `.github` to enable github actions.


# Notes

- The full github url is used in the package.json instead of the nice `github:user/repo` shorthand because then that information can easily accessed by typedoc.

Commit message:

feat: added only-update option + ability to npm link script
- fixed accidentally included console.logs

README.md, after:

<!--
TOCONFIGURE

![Docs](https://github.com/alanscodelog/TOREPONAME/workflows/Docs/badge.svg)
![Build](https://github.com/alanscodelog/TOREPONAME/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
[![Release](https://github.com/alanscodelog/TOREPONAME/workflows/Release/badge.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/TONAME)

# [Docs](https://alanscodelog.github.io/TOREPONAME)

# Install

```bash
npm install TONAME
# or
yarn add TONAME
```


# Usage

```ts
```

-->

My template repo for typescript libraries. I have found myself setting up the same things over and over again so I decided to create a small template. It includes:

- typedoc for generating docs.
- jest and chai (I prefer the syntax) for tests
- build/coverabe/docs/release github actions
- semantic release and commitlint for handling releases
- husky for handling git hooks
- [indexit](https://github.com/alanscodelog/indexit), my own tool, for generating/managing the exports of index files
- [`@alanscodelog/utils`](https://github.com/alanscodelog/my-utils) - my library of utility functions and types

I have also made repos for the configs that rarely change to help declutter things a bit:

- [`@alanscodelog/babel-preset`](https://github.com/alanscodelog/babel-preset)
- [`@alanscodelog/commitlint-config`](https://github.com/alanscodelog/commitlint-config)
- [`@alanscodelog/eslint-config`](https://github.com/alanscodelog/eslint-config)
- [`@alanscodelog/semantic-release-config`](https://github.com/alanscodelog/my-semantic-release-config)
- [`@alanscodelog/tsconfigs`](https://github.com/alanscodelog/my-tsconfigs)

# Install
```bash
git clone https://github.com/alanscodelog/template-lib.git
mv template-lib PROJECTNAME
cd PROJECTNAME
node .template/install.mjs
```
`.template/install.mjs` can also be npm linked by itself. So a copy of the template can be kept around with the script linked for updating dependencies (by replacing their version number with a tag).

Options:
`-d / --dry-run` - preview
`-v / --verbose` - print name parsed and all edited files
`-s / --scope` - scope package under @alanscodelog
`-n / --no-delete` - do not delete template files
`-u / --only-update` - re-calculate / update dependencies on `package.json` - will only update if a tag is used. Useful for updating only some deps to latest or a specific tag, like beta without having to `npm view` then copy the version.

The script will then print some commands that need to be run after running `yarn install` (to copy/install some of my configs) and to find all the places the template still needs to be configured.

Rename the `.github-rename-to-enable` folder to just `.github` to enable github actions.


# Notes

- The full github url is used in the package.json instead of the nice `github:user/repo` shorthand because then that information can easily accessed by typedoc.


# Todo

- Convert to package.
